== Pre-deploy knowledge

First we need know some basic stuff:

1) What is a VPS: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virtual_private_server

2) Connecting to a remote server it's done by using SSH with the command <code>ssh root@XX.XX.XXX.XXX</code>. 
Where root can be replaced with any user in the remote server, and XX.XX.XXX.XXX is the ip of the remote server. 
So when we say "In the VPS, execute: " then you must connect to the server by using that command.
  
3) You need to understand what SSH key is, or at least how to add them to github. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_Shell

== Deploy instructions
[Step 1) Build a VPS]
  Go to your VPS provider and create a server with Ubuntu 14.04. This deploy might work with older versions of Ubuntu, 
  but it's on your own risk.
  
[Step 2) Set SSH keys at github]
  Set SSH keys for both your local machine, and VPS. You might already added SSH keys for your local machine.
  
  Instructions for github: https://help.github.com/articles/generating-ssh-keys
  
  Instructions for bitbucket: https://confluence.atlassian.com/display/BITBUCKET/Set+up+SSH+for+Git
  
[Step 3) Change password (optional)] 
  In the VPS, execute:
  
  <code>passwd</code>

[Step 4) Create a deployer user]
  In the VPS, execute:
  
  <code>sudo adduser deployer</code>
  
  You can use default fields, just press enter untill it's done

[Step 5) Give sudo privileges to deployer]
  In the VPS, execute:
  
  <code>sudo adduser deployer sudo</code>

[Step 6) IP and Git setup]
  At config/deploy.rb set up IP and git credentials for your app

[Step 7) Install necesary programs]
  In the app folder, execute:
  
  <code>cap deploy:install</code>
  
  This command will install:
  1. libxslt
  2. python
  3. nginx
  4. postresql
  5. nodejs
  6. make
  7. redis
  8. rbenv


[Step 8) Install ruby]
  In the VPS, execute:
  
  <code>rbenv install 2.1.2</code>
  
  <code>rbenv global 2.1.2</code>
  
  <code>ruby -v</code>


[Step 9) Install java]
  In the VPS, execute:
  
  <code>sudo add-apt-repository ppa:webupd8team/java</code>
  
  <code>sudo apt-get -y update</code>
  
  <code>sudo apt-get -y install oracle-java7-installer</code>


[Step 10) Setup]
  In the app folder, execute:
  
  <code>cap deploy:setup</code>

[Step 11) Install bundler]
  In the app folder, execute:

  <code>cap bundler:install</code>

[Step 12) Deploy]
  In the app folder, execute:

  <code>cap deploy:cold</code>

  If this error arises:
  
  <i>An error occurred while installing json (1.8.1), and Bundler cannot continue.
  Make sure that `gem install json -v '1.8.1'` succeeds before bundling.</i>
  
  
  Go to the VPS, and execute:
  
  <code>sudo gem install json -v '1.8.1'</code>
    
